Unify Formatting (#82)
C2Devel/terraform-provider-croccloud: website/docs/r/ec2_tag.md

# Resource: aws_ec2_tag

> Manages an individual EC2 resource tag. This resource should only be used when Terraform was not used to create EC2 resources (e.g., AMIs).

Reviewer: AMI -> image
Или нужно расшифровать аббревиатуру

Author: поменял

* `key` - (Required) The tag name.
* `value` - (Required) The value of the tag.

## Attribute Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

> * `id` - EC2 resource identifier and key, separated by a comma (`,`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `id` - `resource_id` and `key` separated by a comma (`,`).
```

Тут удобно сослаться на значения аргументов, из которых будет сформирован `id`

Author: поправил

## Import

> `aws_ec2_tag` can be imported using the EC2 resource identifier and key separated by a comma (`,`), e.g.,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`aws_ec2_tag` can be imported using the the ID of the EC2 resource and a tag name separated by a comma (`,`), e.g.,
```
Можно было бы заменить на "using `id`", но думаю скорее двигаться в сторону указания конкретных составляющих идентификатора, вместо ссылок на аргументы и атрибуты в секции Import.

Author: поправил
